`azurerm_mssql_elasticpool` - adding `high_availability_replica_count` property (#28572)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_elasticpool.html.markdown

* `zone_redundant` - (Optional) Whether or not this elastic pool is zone redundant. `tier` needs to be `Premium` for `DTU` based or `BusinessCritical` for `vCore` based `sku`.

> * `high_availability_replica_count` - (Optional) Specifies the number of high availability replicas for the elastic pool. Only valid if sku tier is `HyperScale`. Valid range is 0-4. Default = 1.

Reviewer: This property is marked as O+C rather than having a default value, so we can omit `Default ...`.

For information such as indicating properties are only valid for a specific SKU we would generally use a [note](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/blob/main/contributing/topics/reference-documentation-standards.md#notes).

```suggestion
* `high_availability_replica_count` - (Optional) Specifies the number of high availability replicas for the elastic pool. Possible values range between `0` and `4`.

~> **Note:** `high_availability_replica_count` is only supported when `sku.tier` is `HyperScale`
```
